Refactor yargs (print help when no command; use commandDir) (#44)
pkgjs/wiby: USAGE.md

# Usage
  

## `wiby result`

Use this command to fetch the results of your latest test against a dependent.

> Wiby will go off to the dependent's repo and fetch the results of the CI run
> against the patch branch Wiby had created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
wiby will go off to the dependent’s repo and fetch the results of the CI run
against the patch branch wiby had created.
```
seems weird to capitalize it like it's a proper noun when it's an initialism :-p also, use a curly quote, straight quotes are always incorrect in prose.

Author: https://github.com/pkgjs/wiby/pull/44/commits/62f833f769c41e29d7e86e794bead014b0d63abc

  --dependent  URL of a dependent                            [string] [required]
```

## `wiby test`

Use this command to test your breaking changes against any one of your

> dependents. Wiby will go off to the dependent's repo and create a branch with a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dependents. wiby will go off to the dependent’s repo and create a branch with a
```

Author: https://github.com/pkgjs/wiby/pull/44/commits/62f833f769c41e29d7e86e794bead014b0d63abc

patch to the  `package.json` pointing to your latest version (with the new

> changes) triggering the dependents CI to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
changes) triggering the dependent's CI to run.
```

Author: https://github.com/pkgjs/wiby/pull/44/commits/a50d9ac7c4ae8e4516bd58d2fe2a2f86e425f09a
